---
title: Forte Defence - Toronto's uprising criminal law team
summary: We are a team of criminal defence practitioners looking to provide a refreshing alternative the practice of defending accused persons before the courts.
date: 2015-09-09
permalink: 2015-09-torontos-uprising-criminal-lawyer
collection: blog_posts
---

Welcome to Forte Defence. If you are a potential future client
interested in more information about how we practice, the philosophies
that drive us, and the reason why we should be the top choice for your
criminal trial, keep an eye on our blog posts. Nadia and Marco will be
updating this blog frequently with our rumination on current
criminal-law related events, major Toronto headlines, and our humble
propositions on how to make the criminal justice system more accessible
(both financially and intellectually), efficient, fair, and grounded in
reality.

A courtroom and the streets upon which most criminal offences unfold are
separated by more than just space and long, dead hours in a prison cell.
Rather, translating the outlook on the streets into the stuff that makes
up unforgettable jurisprudence is our forte. The stories that make up
criminal case law are often filled with tense human emotions. Because
crime and the criminal law itself both tend to be horrifically violent
forces that can tear relationships between people apart while invoking
negative feelings like disorientation, fear, helplessness, and despair,
it is important to have competent criminal counsel by your and your
loved ones' sides when facing criminal charges. We will be up those late
nights with you putting together solid bail release plans while the rest
of the city sleeps. We will be there to prep you for tough
cross-examinations by Crown counsel. And we will work with you to think
of creative ways to fund your defence if you have financial barriers.

The reason we can provide high quality criminal defence services from
our downtown Toronto office comes down to one simple word: passion. The
life of a criminal defence lawyer is very fly-by-your-seat. We are
passionate about the work we do, and we refuse to get jaded. Most
importantly, we always expect fruitful results for our clients in
exchange for our dedication. Success for our clients is success for us.
